README.md, before:

# Worldwide Rush Infixo's AI Tweaks
[Worldwide Rush](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3325500/Worldwide_Rush/) mod that adds some AI enhancements to the game.

## Features

### Maintain routes
Currently only one feature is implemented - better logic for evaluating and maintaining lines for the Hub Manager's Maintain mode.
- The line is evaluated for the last 2 months and based on efficiency, throughput and vehicles' capacities, optimal range is determined.
- Optimal range is betwen 1/3 and 2/3 of minimum efficiency and full (100%) efficiency, where minimum efficiency is required for the line to be profitable at all.
- Number of waiting passengers and average trip trime are also taken into consideration.
- Based on the above, the manager decides if the line should be upgraded or downgraded and/or if more/less vehicles are needed.
- (0.2) All vehicle manipulations go thorugh Generated Plan which assures that a vehicle is not sold when the replacement is not possible.
- (0.2) Balanced line growth - manager will try for all vehicles be of similar tier.
- (0.2) Optimal number of vehicles accounts for trip time and type of vehicles.
- (0.2) Evaluation results can be displayed as a tooltip by UITweaks.
- IMPORTANT NOTES.
  - The process of upgrading/downgrading involves first selling the old one, and after that buying a new one. This logic also exists in the vanilla gamem btw. It is imperative to make sure the hub manager has enough funds to acquire a new vehicle. Otherwise, you may end up with an empty line. I recommend using Budget setting and set it to the value that allows to buy the best vehicle currently available.
  - Only evaluation core and decision logic is changed, other supporting routines (e.g. selecting a better or worse vehicle) are still vanilla verions.

### Troubleshooting
- Output messages are logged into AITweaksLog.txt in the %TEMP% dir. Please consult me on Discord to understand the log.

## Technical

### Requirements and Compatibility
- [WWR ModLoader](https://github.com/Infixo/WWR-ModLoader).
- [Harmony v2.4.1 for .net 8.0](https://github.com/pardeike/Harmony/releases/tag/v2.4.1.0). The correct dll is provided in the release files.

### Known Issues
- None atm.

### Changelog
- v0.3.1 (2025-10-25)
  - Updated for Patch 1.1.13
  - Fixed crash when downgrade net price is 0.
- v0.3.0 (2025-10-18)
  - Improved upgrading logic.
  - Improvement on how number of vehicles is calculated.
- v0.2.1 (2025-10-17)
  - Fixed a rare issue where a line has 1 vehicle and its eff & thr are 0 but not at the same month.
- v0.2.0 (2025-10-16)
  - Evaluation tooltip, rewritten optimal number of vehicles.
  - More dynamic evaluation based on 2 months data (instead of a quarter).
  - Fixed selling vehicle by a manager and getting a replacement.
  - Fixed issue with repeated generated plans.
  - Removed: Extensive logging is off.
- v0.1.0 (2025-10-11)
  - Initial release.

### Support
- Please report bugs and issues on [GitHub](https://github.com/Infixo/WWR-AITweaks).
- You may also leave comments on [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1342565384066170964/1421898965556920342).

Commit message:

Version 0.3.2 Fixes crash from race condition when line is served by 2+ hubs.

README.md, after:

# Worldwide Rush Infixo's AI Tweaks
[Worldwide Rush](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3325500/Worldwide_Rush/) mod that adds some AI enhancements to the game.

## Features

### Maintain routes
Currently only one feature is implemented - better logic for evaluating and maintaining lines for the Hub Manager's Maintain mode.
- The line is evaluated for the last 2 months and based on efficiency, throughput and vehicles' capacities, optimal range is determined.
- Optimal range is betwen 1/3 and 2/3 of minimum efficiency and full (100%) efficiency, where minimum efficiency is required for the line to be profitable at all.
- Number of waiting passengers and average trip trime are also taken into consideration.
- Based on the above, the manager decides if the line should be upgraded or downgraded and/or if more/less vehicles are needed.
- (0.2) All vehicle manipulations go thorugh Generated Plan which assures that a vehicle is not sold when the replacement is not possible.
- (0.2) Balanced line growth - manager will try for all vehicles be of similar tier.
- (0.2) Optimal number of vehicles accounts for trip time and type of vehicles.
- (0.2) Evaluation results can be displayed as a tooltip by UITweaks.
- IMPORTANT NOTES.
  - The process of upgrading/downgrading involves first selling the old one, and after that buying a new one. This logic also exists in the vanilla gamem btw. It is imperative to make sure the hub manager has enough funds to acquire a new vehicle. Otherwise, you may end up with an empty line. I recommend using Budget setting and set it to the value that allows to buy the best vehicle currently available.
  - Only evaluation core and decision logic is changed, other supporting routines (e.g. selecting a better or worse vehicle) are still vanilla verions.

### Troubleshooting
- Output messages are logged into AITweaksLog.txt in the %TEMP% dir. Please consult me on Discord to understand the log.

## Technical

### Requirements and Compatibility
- [WWR ModLoader](https://github.com/Infixo/WWR-ModLoader).
- [Harmony v2.4.1 for .net 8.0](https://github.com/pardeike/Harmony/releases/tag/v2.4.1.0). The correct dll is provided in the release files.

### Known Issues
- None atm.

### Changelog
- v0.3.2 (2025-10-26)
  - Fixed crash from race condition when line is served by 2+ hubs.
- v0.3.1 (2025-10-25)
  - Updated for Patch 1.1.13
  - Fixed crash when downgrade net price is 0.
- v0.3.0 (2025-10-18)
  - Improved upgrading logic.
  - Improvement on how number of vehicles is calculated.
- v0.2.1 (2025-10-17)
  - Fixed a rare issue where a line has 1 vehicle and its eff & thr are 0 but not at the same month.
- v0.2.0 (2025-10-16)
  - Evaluation tooltip, rewritten optimal number of vehicles.
  - More dynamic evaluation based on 2 months data (instead of a quarter).
  - Fixed selling vehicle by a manager and getting a replacement.
  - Fixed issue with repeated generated plans.
  - Removed: Extensive logging is off.
- v0.1.0 (2025-10-11)
  - Initial release.

### Support
- Please report bugs and issues on [GitHub](https://github.com/Infixo/WWR-AITweaks).
- You may also leave comments on [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1342565384066170964/1421898965556920342).
